This Power BI report analyzes customer behavior of an E-commerce platform, based on data which contains multiple user events. The data duration is 2 months, provided in 2 tables, namely, Sales_Data_Ecommerce and Promotion. I used Power BI desktop to Extract and Load the data, and Power Query Editor to transform it. This report is based on the following themes:
(a) Overview about various KPIs.
(b) Pricing and fluctuations
(c) Promotion and its effects
(d) Search and Recommendations

The below mentioned are insights obtained from the analysis:
-Basis Data Cleaning questions:
a. What variables can be derived out of the data which can be helpful?
Revenue, Potential revenue and Discounted revenue.

b. Who can use this dashboard?
Sales team can track the impact of discounts on sales.
Marketing team can monitor engagement trends.
Product Managers can optimize pricing strategies.
Finance team can evaluate effects on revenue.

c. What value would be generated by using this dashboard?
It can help enhance pricing strategies, boost customer engagement, allocate budgets more effectively.

d. What additional data can be helpful to add more insights and value to the team?
Data showing search behavior of customers- whether brand by category or category by brand, and Profit margins.

-Business questions:
1.How is price varying by brand/category/time/channel? 
Electronics category and MSI brand have highest avg. price, while Stationary category and Vitek brand have lowest. Also, Avg. price is highest at 2200 hrs.

2.Is traffic varied by day/time/channel? 
Yes. Traffic is highest on Friday between 1400-1600 hrs. , but is almost same on both channels.

3.Define and calculate high level metrics like(Revenue, potential revenue, etc.) by month, state, etc. 
Total revenue is 5.65M, Potential revenue is 12.95M, total no. of categories are 12 and no. of brands are 50. Revenue is highest on Sundays at 1100 hrs. and in the month of November. The filled map displays the distribution of categories, subcategories, brands and revenue in different states.

4.What is activity by brand or category, brand preference, brand activity by various parameters, etc.? 
Electronics category and Apple brand have the highest revenue, while Samsung is the most preferred brand. Also, Apple gave max discount value.

5.How is the search behavior like brand search by category/ category search by brand?
Data is insufficient to answer this question.

6.What is effect of special promotions? 
Most no. of discounts are offered in Electronics category, and thus it has the highest revenue. Also, higher discount count leads to increase in brand preference, thus, Samsung is most preferred.

7.How pricing fluctuations affecting sales? 
Lower average price is leading to higher revenue, thus Sunday has highest revenue.

8.Miscellaneous - Funnel chart shows how Purchase types are funneled out from view and cart. The 100% stacked chart shows the % of discounted products revenue in the total revenue, in which Electronics category has highest. Tree map shows subcategory wise revenue, in which Smartphones have highest in the electronics category. Pie chart shows the no. of user sessions by category, in which electronics has highest engagement.

<!---
Su-fighter/Su-fighter is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
